New Client API to update active simulcast layers for publishers (#1612)
lynckia/licode: doc/client_api.md

In this example we are configuring 2 spatial layers bitrates, limiting the lower layer to 80 Kbps and the higher to 430 Kbps.

## Update Simulcast Active Layers

We can decide which Simulcast layers are active. It can only be applied to publishers.
```
localStream.updateSimulcastActiveLayers({0: true, 1: false});
```

> In this example we are configuring 2 spatial layers bitrates, limiting the lower layer to 80 Kbps and the higher to 430 Kbps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we are disabling layer 1 while the other layer (0) is active.
```
